# Tetris-AI-
This is a project is an attempt of implementing Genetic Algorithm onto Tetris. The goal is to create an AI that is able to  recognize pattern.
# Structure of the code
This project is constructed using pytorch and pygame and it consist of two part. The first part is the training platform. It is used to optimize the value in the neuronetwork. It is tuned using genetic algorithm. The second part is the performing platform. The platform is build to visualize the gameplay of the AI. It also consist a human playable part which allows comparision of performance which is trackd using a score system.
# Training platform
The training platfrom is split into 3 part. The first part is the brian part which use Pytorch to build a NN it is resposible for making the decision. The second part is the genetic algorithm which adjust the value stored in the NN to adjust it into value that can perfrom good decision. The final part is the game part which consist of the logic of the game and it is run to simulate the game the AI played. It is used for generating a score to indicate how good the AI is performing so we can evolve it in the genetic algorithm.
# Game platform part
The AI trained in the training platform can be tested here. It have two part the human playable part and the AI part which is used to visualize and show how the AI play. 
# How it works
For the training platform. First a list of NN with random value is created. Then each NN will be used to simulate gameplay using the game class.We first create a field then generate a move list consist of all position a block can place then past the value to the NN and using Probabilty function to return a value that is use to pick which position it should place. After iteration, using the fitness score guide that is created with function such as checking how many holes each block placed . Tt determinds how good each NN does and how good are they and rank them. We then keep the elite ones and mix up their internal value (split them) and combine the value to create a new NN with value from each parent. Also to add diversity there is a mutate function that mutate the child. Then we have new list of candidate and we loop it again. After number of generations we load the one with the highest score in the list of candidate
